Docs/Dev/IDEs/VisualStudio.md, before:

# Getting Started

1. Download Atlas
    - `git clone https://github.com/garyhertel/atlas.git`
2. Install a C# IDE
   - Visual Studio 2017 recommended (community edition is fine)
3. Open `Atlas.sln` in IDE
4. Start Atlas in Debugger
    - It's recommended to always run it in debug mode
5. Configure Paths
    - Select `Settings` to change any of the default locations
    

## Visual Studio 2017

* Customizing (you can search for these options in the Options Menu)
  - Insert tabs instead of spaces (spaces only make sense if you don't use IDEs)
    - Tools -> Options -> Text Editor -> C# -> Tabs
	  - Select `Keep tabs`
  - Disable automatically adding `}`
	- Tools -> Options -> Text Editor -> C#
	  - Uncheck `Automatic brace completion`
  - Enable word wrap
	- Tools -> Options -> Text Editor -> C#
	  - Check `Word wrap`
  - Stopping on all(?) Exceptions
	- Tools -> Options -> Debugging -> General
	-   Check `Enable Just My Code`

## Visual Studio 2019 Preview
  - No `Custom Document Well` extension support yet
    - No vertical tabs :(
    - Not recommended yet

# Suggested Visual Studio Addons
---
## Productivity Power Tools
* Shows your open files as tabs on the left side instead of tabs across the top
* Visual Studio 2015
			https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=VisualStudioProductTeam.ProductivityPowerTools2015
* Visual Studio 2017
			https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=VisualStudioProductTeam.ProductivityPowerPack2017
* Configuring
  - Tools Menu
    - Productivity Power Tools
       - Custom Document Well
       - Set `Place tabs on the` = `Left`
			 - Set `Maximum tab size` = `300`

## NUnit 3 Test Adapter
* GUI for running unit tests in Visual Studio
* Install
  - Tools -> Extensions and Updates -> Online
    - Search for `NUnit 3 Test Adapter` and then install
* Setup
  - Test Menu -> Test Settings -> Default Processor Architecture -> x64
* Displaying
  - Test->Windows->Test Explorer
* Using
  - Right click on any test and select `Run` or `Debug`

## dotMem
* For tracking down memory leaks
* Commercial with 5 day eval trial
  - Better than Visual Studio at tracking down memory leaks
  - Alternatives?

Commit message:

Added [Skippable] class attribute, which will auto collapse any tab with only 1 item Improved the Loading Animation Docs: Added instructions for installing Custom Document Well in VS 2019

Docs/Dev/IDEs/VisualStudio.md, after:

# Getting Started

1. Download Atlas
    - `git clone https://github.com/garyhertel/atlas.git`
2. Install a C# IDE
   - Visual Studio 2017 recommended (community edition is fine)
3. Open `Atlas.sln` in IDE
4. Start Atlas in Debugger
    - It's recommended to always run it in debug mode
5. Configure Paths
    - Select `Settings` to change any of the default locations
    

## Visual Studio 2017

* Customizing (you can search for these options in the Options Menu)
  - Insert tabs instead of spaces (spaces only make sense if you don't use IDEs)
    - Tools -> Options -> Text Editor -> C# -> Tabs
	  - Select `Keep tabs`
  - Disable automatically adding `}`
	- Tools -> Options -> Text Editor -> C#
	  - Uncheck `Automatic brace completion`
  - Enable word wrap
	- Tools -> Options -> Text Editor -> C#
	  - Check `Word wrap`
  - Stopping on all(?) Exceptions
	- Tools -> Options -> Debugging -> General
	-   Check `Enable Just My Code`

## Visual Studio 2019 Preview
* Installing `Custom Document Well` for vertical tabs
  - [https://tabsstudio.com/documentation/installing-custom-document-well-for-visual-studio-2019.html
  - [Official Support on the roadmap](https://developercommunity.visualstudio.com/idea/467369/vertical-group-tab.html)

# Suggested Visual Studio Addons
---
## Productivity Power Tools
* Shows your open files as tabs on the left side instead of tabs across the top
* Visual Studio 2015
			https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=VisualStudioProductTeam.ProductivityPowerTools2015
* Visual Studio 2017
			https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=VisualStudioProductTeam.ProductivityPowerPack2017
* Configuring
  - Tools Menu
    - Productivity Power Tools
       - Custom Document Well
       - Set `Place tabs on the` = `Left`
			 - Set `Maximum tab size` = `300`

## NUnit 3 Test Adapter
* GUI for running unit tests in Visual Studio
* Install
  - Tools -> Extensions and Updates -> Online
    - Search for `NUnit 3 Test Adapter` and then install
* Setup
  - Test Menu -> Test Settings -> Default Processor Architecture -> x64
* Displaying
  - Test->Windows->Test Explorer
* Using
  - Right click on any test and select `Run` or `Debug`

## dotMem
* For tracking down memory leaks
* Commercial with 5 day eval trial
  - Better than Visual Studio at tracking down memory leaks
  - Alternatives?
